all across the planet
humans have found extraordinary ways to
take advantage of Earth's most unusual
landscapes
on the Nevada Utah border in the u.s. is
a bright patch of white
these salt flats are all that remain of
the once great Lake Bonneville
from above satellites pick out lines
circles and tracks
[Music]
every summer hundreds of people are
drawn to the salt flats with one thing
on their minds
[Music]
speed
[Applause]
forever at Bonneville Speed Week
drivers compete to see who can go the
fastest
[Music]
the Stringfellow family have been
competing here for the last 60 years but
this year they have a new team member
maddie is 16 and she's only just got her
driving license
ever since my dad first told me about it
I've been waiting for the day that I can
drive just hearing the sound of the cars
as they go down and hearing them run
through the gears and just watching them
go by it's a feeling that you just have
to experience it can't be explained but
this isn't just her first drive on salt
it's her first legal drive alone
[Music]
today it's finally her chance to get
behind the wheel and drive the family
car for the first time
[Music]
to lose her rookie badge and get her
Bonneville racing license Maddie has to
go faster than 125 miles per hour I just
gotta keep in my head of what I need to
do what I need to know
I just gotta stay focused
[Music]
that's good so far
there's just 10 days between
[Music]
1:48 Bank girl
Maddy speed averaged 148 miles per hour
proud of you you did it like a pro it's
your dad right now
like I can feel that I was bathroom
shake amazing
she's lost her wookie badge and now
continues this family tradition of
racing in one of the world's most
extraordinary landscapes there she goes
the feeling is amazing I definitely have
salt fever for the rest of my life